# Elixir Developer Challenge

As a Hub88 developer, you will be interacting directly with the Hub88 APIs, the "Game Providers APIs" and the "Operators APIs".

An "Operator" needs to implement the API defined by the [Operator Documentation](https://hub88.io/docs/operator) to handle received requests from Game providers via Hub88.

**To test your skills, you need to develop your own Operator's "Wallet API" as an Elixir application and discuss the solution in a technical meeting.**

**Note**: There are no explicit deadlines. However, do note that proceeding with your challenge is subject to the availability of the position. Keep in touch with the recruitment contact to plan your delivery.

Please be strict with the following guidelines:

- Your code must be well-written: Good formatting, readable, maintainable
- Your code must be on GitHub as a private repository. Send an invite to [@shegx01 and @gokul-poongodi](https://github.com/shegx01, https://github.com/gokul-poongodi)
- Your project must be a `mix` project
- Your application name must be `:challenge`
- Your project must only use Elixir core modules, no extra dependencies
- Your project must only use Elixir OTP to manage data in application memory. Do NOT use databases (ex: PostgreSQL)
- Your project must implement the `Challenge` module with the following public functions:

  ```elixir
  @doc """
  Start a linked and isolated supervision tree and return the root server that
  will handle the requests.
  """
  @spec start :: GenServer.server()

  @doc """
  Create non-existing users with currency as "USD" and amount as 100_000.

  It must ignore empty binary `""` or if the user already exists.
  """
  @spec create_users(server :: GenServer.server(), users :: [String.t()]) :: :ok

  @doc """
  The same behavior is from `POST /transaction/bet` docs.

  The `body` parameter is the "body" from the docs as a map with keys as atoms.
  The result is the "response" from the docs as a map with keys as atoms.
  """
  @spec bet(server :: GenServer.server(), body :: map) :: map

  @doc """
  The same behavior is from `POST /transaction/win` docs.

  The `body` parameter is the "body" from the docs as a map with keys as atoms.
  The result is the "response" from the docs as a map with keys as atoms.
  """
  @spec win(server :: GenServer.server(), body :: map) :: map
  ```
- Your application must address corner-case scenarios, delivering the expected response status
- Your application must work properly under high throughput with high availability
- Your application must prioritize handling requests to many users as possible

Your project can have any structure with any additional modules, but only the `Challenge` module will be tested by an `ExUnit` script generated by Hub88 with hundreds of test cases.

Your project must successfully:

- Run the test script
- Pass on all test cases directly related to the Operator API documentation
- Pass on the majority (> 80%) of the test cases related to performance and integrity

If the points above are satisfied, a technical interview will be scheduled to discuss the results and the development process of the challenge.

For further clarifications, be in touch with the recruitment contact.
